this is the original battery that came
with spiky I'm going to open it up and
look at the individual cells
so this is just a single battery there's
eight of them total okay so the voltage
of one of these batteries 1.3 volts
so here's a bad sale the still is at
about zero volts so this sale is
defective and it would lower the overall
voltage of the entire pack so I have a
little box here says ng for no good I'm
going to put the bad fill in there
that's a good voltage that one is zero
volt good voltage good voltage good and
good so out of all these batteries out
of all these cells we have two that are
bad these six cells could be used for
something else and these two may be
reconditioned I'm a trice urging them to
see if I can recondition them